So let's actually start programming
now and start focusing on our problem.
So if we go back here, right,
why don't we start with front ends?
We have store our static files
in an ingress of some type.
And we said that basically,
in some regard,
we will need at least a bucket or
something like that.
So, how I like to structure things,
and again this isn't standard,
this is just how I like to do it,
is I like to lean on two main things.
The first one is just folder structure,
having good structure around where things
are so that you can easily access them.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going
to first create a directory and
I'm going to call it resources, right.
These are going to be what we can kinda
consider as our raw resources that
are gonna get reused over and
over and over and over again, right.
And then the second thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna create a directory called
services.
Services use resources, right?
So what we want to do is we want to
first set up a base of resources, and
then we wanna create services that
are reusable, like a front-end service,
a back-end service,
things like that, right?
So we're gonna go into here.
And we're really just gonna delete
everything outside of the main three
lines, or
actually the main two lines at the top.
So we're just gonna keep those two lines.
And so then what we're gonna do is
we're gonna go into resources and
we're going to create a new file for that.
And we're gonna say file
bucket.ts because we're
automating, right, we're automating.
Why do two things twice?
If necessary, we can create one
bucket definition and make that,
even an interface as well
that we can work with.
And this is a common concept in Pulumi
that I'm going to introduce you to
called Pulumi components.
Now, if you've ever worked with TerraForm,
you might have heard of TerraForm modules,
basically the same idea.
Pulumi allows you to take
a series of resources, and
then logically group them
into a component resource
very similar to how front end even works.
And so the whole idea here
is is that we're basically
saying we're gonna create a class
called my component, right?
And this is going to extend
Pulumi's component resource.
Well, what does that mean?
It means that we're literally taking the
component resource class that Pulumi uses,
and extending it to making our own.
After we do that we then create
a very simple constructor and
use the super to define what the actual
name of the component in that stuff is?
So if we wanted to,
we could literally just copy this.
Go back to our source code.
Right, and then paste it.
Right, we're gonna change
a couple things though.
First, we'll call it a fmbucket, right.
Why would I say fmbucket,
does anyone know what fm might mean?
Frontend Masters [LAUGH] we want to
not just create a generalized bucket.
Why do we not want to do that?
Because if we have to
create another one later,
then we have to discern
between the two of them.
You always need to understand that even
though this might seem like a perfect
solution.
Something might come up, right?
So in what I try and
do with naming conventions is I try and
focus on what's the problem I'm solving,
right?
I wanna create a standardized front-end
master's bucket that the rest of
the company can use.
If they need a bucket, they use
our bucket with our parameters and
things like that available to us, right?
So we're gonna say we need a fmbucket, and
then it's gonna complain about a couple
of things that we need to import.
So let's go and
do that really quickly as well.
So we're gonna go to the top,
we're gonna say import Pulumi from
Pulumi and I think that might be it.
I don't want my editors freaking out.
Okay, there we go, cool.
All right, so we've imported Pulumi and
we've created our very simple bucket.
Now, again, if you've ever worked with
automation before, you're probably used to
looking up documents and copying things
from documents and basically doing that.
We're gonna do that.
[LAUGH] It's not that different still,
even with what we're saying, except for
we're going to give opinions around it,
right?
So we said that our class is fm-bucket.
So let's go ahead and
make sure that our component name
as well is an fm-bucket, right?
And then let's find bucket automation,
right?
So we're just gonna say Pulumi AWS bucket.
And sure enough, Google, or
DuckDuckGo I should say, gives us
the answer we're looking for, which
is we want to find a AWS bucket here.
Now before I go any further, there's
a couple things to note about Pulumi, and
I'm gonna just kinda give
this as a forewarning.
When Pulumi started adopting to
basically becoming a product,
there wasn't a lot of support for
providers and so
what Pulumi decided to do was essentially
bridge Terraform providers to Pulumi.
So a lot of the resources,
customization, options, and
things like that are in some
cases literally one-to-one to
Terraform because its generating
from the same essential provider,
and it's creating
a Pulumi variant of that.
And so, if you ever find
yourself in a scenario where,
you can actually go to the Terraform
documentation [LAUGH] and find that.
However, there are some things that
Pulumi just kinda realized that, and
so they're now doing what they call
their classic and native approach.
Classic really just means Terraform or
used to be Terraform.
Native means now we're gonna write
it in Pulumi source code and
it's actually fully supported by Pulumi.
There's no translation or
anything like that involved.
The native packages are nice,
they're not feature complete.
So you might find yourself in a scenario
where you get really far with one of
the two, but then there's a random
attachment resource that isn't there and
you gotta go use classic or
something like that.
So I recommend using the classic ones for
now until you know for
sure that you can move to them.
Now because we did a Pulumi AWS thing,
right.
If we look at our package.json, we'll
actually see it's already here, right,
it's right here.
So we don't have to worry
about it because we
did the Pulumi new AWS type script.
It set it up for
us, it added all the stuff for us and
everything like that.and they do that for
a few things, I believe there's
an Azure Typescript as well, and stuff.
So just so you know, it took care of it
for us but you might have to install this
package if you're starting from
complete scratch or something like that